Our team is coming back.
Headquarters. this is patrol 00638.
We'll be back. Copy that.
It's time.
I start in a hurry.
What happened?
Nonsense. Probably just some kind of glitch.
Ma'am. the alarm worked. Directory
Macau. Asia Bank.
The police have also been notified. Their
They're already patrolling the road. And where's the nearest
patrol? I left two minutes ago. They
Another five minutes.
Where are our people? Ma'am. captain to Yaoley.
Alpha Squad's going.
Dupine. lead patrol. Launch IRI.
System and observation by train. Rivers
Boyce. On surveillance cameras in radius 3
I'm following a car from the bank.
The observation system found something.
They need money.
Regarding? There's nothing in his hands. Ma'am. her
On cell 120.
They go to Congress from the ring swap.
Direct the nearest patrols to intercept.
Yes. ma'am.
Attention all black suspects
MPV disguised as a taxicab. Charlie Unit 2 -5.
intercepts suspects at the intersection
Highway and Coast Road. Bravo 6.
Move to the south entrance.
Delta 9 -2. wait on Nanshan Street.
Out of God's eye from the Baite Gerl. they don't
Opened nowhere.
Kamu Cross Road. Tapsak Tunnel and
East side of Xi Pay Road. Ma'am.
Spices -gerl against.
All patrols on the coast road. on
intercept.
Put it aside. What's the problem?
Dupine. disconnect the spice module
autonomy. So certainly.
Alpha and two detachments. moving east
Gao Yuan Street.
Fourth detachment from north to lateral
Jinka.
Take ashes in ticks at the intersection.
So certainly. Everyone is divided. Got you.
So certainly.
Captain?
Captain. what are you doing?
Captain. hold 'em. copy! We're on
No suspects at Danhu intersection. IN
They don't make any sense? Are you blind. or what?
Ma'am. can you see me?
Ma'am!
What should we do?
Pyshka. that's it.
Want 400 bucks?
Find the 1xbet website. get a bonus for
registration and bet on any
Director and screenwriter Larry Ian.
Hi. what do you want?
Latte. please.
Larry. you're lazy. open the door!
Oh. Jesus Christ!
What? Police.
Are we exactly going to the bank? Why do I need it?
There was a sheet with half my password
Stolen. huh?
Yeah?
They're hardly that agile. Yeah. her
I need another half. without her nowhere.
Otherwise. it's all nonsense. And what is
Cryptocurrency? Grandparents. sir. more
Lyamov. No one from the management company
Answers.
They may already be there.
This is a criminal investigation center. We
We suspect someone on the fourth
Company floor management is trying
To steal important data. Do not interfere.
When will the police arrive? Whenever
There?
Five minutes later. Okay. got it.
Three minutes.
Found.
Damn. a lot of palm trees.
Copy. And you yourself can't money
Transfer? Passwords on Cryptoid account
They contain 12 random English words.
It is 2048 in the -12th grade of options. Such
There's an algorithm there. You're not ... on the spot.
You don't remember.
Two minutes.
Xin. what are you doing? Just watching.
What? Don't touch.
Lots of bites.
Gordon. right?
What is this?
Cryptopir. This is Duan Jihun.
WHO? Director of the largest cryptocurrency pyramid
KUALA -LUMPURA. Started from a single
billion dollars.
And then he was found dead in Macau.
Everyone thinks he imitated death.
Crypto Firewall - Clip level for Qlx5.
What does it mean?
Slightly below military access. Why so
An important key is hidden on such
Shit-Farmer? I heard these
Billions were never found. This
10 billion found. Copy everything.
No time. washer. This is not long. Xin.
we're leaving. Minute.
There is no time.
He's gone. Uh. yeah.
Don't get up. don't forget.
Police in the office.
What happens?
Hello. Hi. can latte?
Police.
We were informed about the robbery.
Suspects are leaving. Four men to
twenty.
The killer's gone.
Stop! Stay! Stop!
Sun. don't change!
Stand! Stand! Alpha -3 in place.
Bru -4 instead.
Bravo 1 and 2. you're on you.
Bravo 3 and 4. block the exit. Working on
on site. Hayso Go. help forensic scientists
Fourth.
Eat.
Stand! Don't twist!
Don't twist!
Stand! Drop your weapon! Don't be stupid!
Work. brothers!
The captain was taken hostage. They
rise.
Go to Vienna. And boys. they... go to
Vienna. What are you wandering?
Captain!
Get out of here!
Toy!
They have parachutes.
Captain!
Send reinforcement to the wine. S - TO MORE!
Captain. they looked like an elevator. Uh. how are you
Down below?
Jump. Will he jump?
Don't come!
On the roof.
Attention everyone.
New address. Makao wine.
Help detention. Their head of security
Matthew.
Back. They sit on the roof. You must
reinforcement.
They obviously have a plan B. Let it be
Check.
It's not all that simple.
What do you need?
Regarding? How did they disappear
Surveillance cameras? Well. like this.
You look alive.
Where are they? In the hotel.
Xin. the police are here. How soon?
Forget the boats. that's it.
Search. How did you let them escape?
They didn't run. but the devil flew.
15 seconds. stroke. They need them
position. Search.
Look. faster.
What is the problem? I
Check.
George. what about my cameras? Subject
Wine observations are disabled remotely.
Attention on all. share. watch
both. While they are here. their faces are not their faces
Hide.
Attention. ground cameras on.
Fix the faces of everyone you see.
Dubin. manual spice diet. Recognize everything
Underwear faces. Meaning.
Compare with all the entry notes.
Don't get to the cameras. or we're ass.
I'm inside.
Tell me where you are. and then I am myself.
The King goes.
Turn around.
Get dressed in the locker room.
Sorry. sir. Two!
Alpha -2 on the MSS -1 elevator travels to the first
floor.
Ray. to your right. That's 10 hours.
For the cart.
Attention everyone. they have a disguise.
We look outside. we sit.
175 centimeters. flagship. black -white
jacket. dark pants. backpack.
Silk. candy.
Sil. you've been burned.
Fam. throw with them. Help sil.
Meaning.
Duma. one passed you.
It works. It wasn't at the entrance. Uh. what?
There it is. I'll get it. Tun. come on
others. Fine.
Sorry.
Cannon. one seat per room.
Take it. Fast.
Live.
Sorry.
Where is he?
LAVE gave a tree of full prosperity
people.
I thought the show after 12.
When you update the system. it tests it
in the morning.
Search them. scatter them. All right. all right!
Look at both.
There. there.
In cop form. They're in cop form.
Verification colleague.
Not a damn thing left! The crypt is impossible
Tracks!
Well. Dick. if your cops are useless. right?
O?
They hacked into our system
Observations. Well. without the eye of God. we
We can't catch bandits.
Before the creation of all these technologies like
In general. the police worked. right?
My mistake.
Next time I'll catch them. Even if
This time it will be. apparently
All our movements. And here's the question.
Do what? They can. Why can't they
Can we?
Sorry. sir.
What are the successes of our cyberbolization?
I cast a penetration point. but
The hackers didn't trace it.
Nikki and I haven't run out of--
you.
To capture the cyberbolic. you need experience
hunter.
Do you propose to return them to her?
I know he's your old chef. but now the era
Have you... and exploiting it.
Yes. there are flaws in it and ours
Equipment. but the seasoning is impeccable. You
Spice up from learning on real operations.
Want the phone for yourself
Did it show how to work?
And this fossil will help save us
face. Captain.
I don't care. it's gonna be a mammoth shit or
Spice Gerl.
Find them and remember them.
Thing!
Christmas trees -Fuckers. go -T!
Did you see the file he won?
He is a legend. Solid rewards.
The real champion is the operator. Champion
Hand-to-hand combat.
Five years in a row.
Weapons expert. surveillance.
penetration. intelligence collection. He was
In drug cartels and organized crime.
Restricted. discreet.
communicable.
And a hobby - Making up calls.
The only place in his career--
a major mistake from which he died
partner.
Find which dog will poop first.
Is it true?
Hello. Did you find out?
No.
All the others are in operational work. So am I
I don't know what.
I'm looking at a pensioner.
Be patient. Can the captain for you
Watching carefully? Maybe we're not ready yet
Operational work? More later.
Are you here at the beginning?
Sorry. are you for me?
Why should you follow me?
You have me confused with someone.
Not following me?
Not next.
Want to?
Didn't you move after me where it turned out
coat?
I'm at another table for you.
Uh. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Come on.
At 2 .43 I saw the lens for the first time. It was
pet store.
Then you followed me 4 hours 17
minutes. You changed your appearance three times.
And he scattered notes nine times.
A colleague helped you on the bus.
Hey. careful. Uh. I'm sorry. Uh. sorry.
That's right. the Zug.
Okay?
Your face kicked you out.
So you remember. Uncle Bon? You're not
I've seen you since I was eight.
I heard you decided to serve and they gave you
Your father's number.
He would be proud.
How did you find out I was at the pet store?
I'll explain. since you ask.
First...
Don't throw notes away. Second. walking
Dogs. retreat. bus boarding. all
Careless. Dog fashion order
Fucking. incorrect. What. stand.
Yanto. fii.
I'm to blame for not being picked up. otherwise I'd be
I hadn't remembered.
Here you are well done.
You said my coworker on the bus. What
Did you take?
Yes. I see.
It's not your training. You're me
Check.
With this level you are four hours for
M -followed.
Quite arrogant.
Criminal police in Macau.
Hey.
Do you know Padamban?
Long time no see. This is Inspector Uyoley.
Hello.
Come on. Come on. Uh. no.
You will.
So. why did he double-check me. And this
All you noticed?
So that dead partner was ...
Your dad?
Back.
This is a crime scene video. This
entering the hotel rooms before
The system was broken.
Repeat the last 15 seconds.
Again.
How did you recognize them? They looked at
Cameras when they're introduced.
So they were there before. They knew where
Chambers. Why did he forget?
He checked if it worked.
The cameras stopped and switched
route.
Right?
Brother?
Darik on a psycho out of a change of plan?
How do you think?
Go calm him down.
The main thing is that all the brothers chose normally.
Well. it's been a day. huh?
Shit. honey.
You almost molested.
We had such a plan.
But we coped.
And they found something from above.
What's up? Solid jambs.
In all these years. I've never hit
Rooms. And now the shit is small.
Yes. everything will be fine.
And so are you.
He knows. We can do it again.
Score Score.
Why should I be afraid now?
Unfortunately. but I can hardly explain.
Then I will explain why you should be afraid of you.
Principal!
Sa Van. even you are against me.
Boss. no!
For decades. no one took pictures of Haru. but
That shit fucked everything!
Ten billion at stake. calm down.
There's enough for everyone. What ten
billion? Is this cash or what?
This is this drin. This cane has changed
outfit.
You. look. bob. stick.
Remember its characteristics.
These teeth are swinging. Number two.
He found a beech tree with earrings.
True. this is ours.
Call. On screen.
Puppy number two. I see number stick
three.
Not very clear. huh? I got a clear one
frame. Great. well done. Number Fagon
He blocked a mustache.
He found the third. There the sight is there. He
Cracked.
Only he has this piece there.
Ter. it may seem like it. but this
Fourth time ugly. I've already seen this
coat.
Someone gave it to him.
Guys. watch out!
There's another one.
All discoveries on the main screen.
So certainly.
Police. Police. Uh. I'm sorry. Sorry.
You saved me once and my life.
I appreciate this life.
I don't want anything with you
He's getting agitated.
You got me?
Yes.
Understood.
You and I are in the coffin together.
I don't intend to die.
I want us all to live in a cage.
Tsuni citizen Boris Boris ISFAI made it
Photo.
This is most likely the fifth accomplice.
Have we been able to identify him?
In the late '80s. one was wanted
The killer nicknamed Shadow.
And on the reconnaissance side. he retreated. He
He served in an elite hit squad.
During the war. he. working under
Cover. killed military and political men.
Killed with a knife.
And he always left.
Later. in search of wealth. he escaped
Here. he planned more than ten raids
bank. And three times they left the raids while you enter
99 never disappeared.
This is perhaps a shadow.
Is he back from retirement? Yes.
I remember him. What are you doing next?
In such a photo. the face cannot be recognized. We
We will increase search measures and
All of them. Where exactly?
We've got a cab record of his accomplices.
Old town rooms. The area is great.
I propose a two-pronged approach. Search
open. For the distraction from Ain
Follow-up group.
Officer out.
She was dismissed.
What? How did you dissolve? With modern
Covering AI rooms. regular groups
It is hardly needed.
I offer people's observation.
You need your most unrecognizable employees.
that they've never seen before.
Officer out. maybe you'll help us
Collect a temporary group?
Such a detachment assembled in Toropi will be
Not particularly efficient.
Hey. Melusga. don't stay outside
Over there.
Detention. reinforced?
Let the girl attract.
I'm afraid that's going to knock it all on the head.
And they will throw again.
You took such a trifle to the police.
Yeah. her dad was a cop. She understands
She was taken for the sake of an excessive face.
He can't even smile.
What does it take to be a cop? I deserve it
You belong here. How dare you?
Remember that you morons missed them.
Well. I'm a bandit. Hold me. Come on. Come on.
Surgery. huh? Well. come on.
Come on. damn it. twist it already.
After fighting so respectfully in the department. you can
Losing more life.
No one even believes that a woman
Can get out the first door. And what woman
He can catch the first bullet. And what from
Togo?
I'm not afraid.
But they are afraid for you.
My body is none of their business.
But this is the body of their colleague.
Am I a colleague for them?
Old.
Gu -hu grew up.
She is everything in you.
But I see that in the department is unhappy.
Her temperature can make her sick.
Especially in the field.
Stand. Politics!
Well. don't worry. I'll take care of it.
Want 400 bucks?
Find the 1xbet website. get a bonus for
registration and bet on any
And now. if you look ...
I
I'll take it. Post the detail. Let's get him.
The captain did not step correctly.
Thank you. bye.
You look like a cop.
We're dealing with an old. thieving face
Old School.
Therefore I will teach you to hunt
Old.
Here.
During supervision. develop the habit of all
Steady.
And at first sight.
The main thing is important.
Basic draise only. non -ineven
Features.
My hands are on my belt here.
What fingers are in your pockets?
Left index. middle right.
Detached supervision is one thing. And everyone
Member is his own task.
He left.
Who?
Here.
On this day we learn to merge with the crowd.
Immediately in practice.
Dog's head causes a litter. Officer
Luna. what did you say? Dog's head. that
My call sign is. A detachment of beautiful people on
in place.
I will give you all the congratulations. Liu. you
Alpaca for now.
Can I have another one?
Okay. then Alpaka.
OK.
Hello.
Can it be like that? You can't yet
Brash. Is it a menu or a detachment?
The old man was worse.
This is it.
You have a flower. You can't? Yes. then
Flower.
Can without a color?
Tolerate. You're my Trump card now.
As I think.
Okay. they're always pushing me.
Master. how much for this?
Where did you get it?
Never mind. I'll calculate it and that's it.
Pot?
Hey. don't look at them like a bandit.
Hey. get up there.
Did I kick you out. or what?
You're third time in one place. in one
clothes.
Drink with the same hand from one and
Same bottle. Even so much water
same.
What if I want to write? What if the thirst
Tears? Move on.
At stake is 10 billion. This is enough for us
For life. Just one thing.
So you're all thinking. right?
But grandmothers are not the main thing.
The main thing is life.
New times are new rules.
If I let myself plan a new business.
You can do it.
Simon! Dad! Dad! Dad! Simon!
Dad! Sivan!
Grounded. Well. let's go.
Thanks. Dad.
I'm going away for a while. Forget about the brothers.
I'm coming back for you.
Duan. he stepped a billion and a half
dollars in the crypt.
Server location is known. AND
We have a Cryptotosdok. But in digital
Getting to storage is difficult.
Daimon in shelter. Right now a plane
busy.
The shelter is good.
There are many memories there.
I know you're tired. but I'll get you together.
Want some coffee?
Cheer up. Looks like I'm tired.
He wasn't thinking of killing me.
Then you can have my share.
How can we. godmother?
I'm already old. I'm not a new one.
Right?
Why did you call me a Trump card?
Gazlaiteite.
Gas what?
Well. try. I'll kill you.
You think you haven't seen him?
Not good enough? Think about me
Need medical help?
No. you're good.
And you don't need a babysitter.
When the blade is in your hand. you can't hesitate.
We need to act.
Otherwise. it shakes you weak.
Then why is everybody working there and I'm here?
Can I get you coffee?
What do you want? Uh. yeah.
I really do.
But I need you here.
I need a partner.
This is an order.
So certainly.
Bro.
If Finnie kept 3k. he'd be
loaded.
I really wanted to kill myself.
What's tasty? It's simple
Chicken noodle. It's not easy to cook.
When I was your years. all I thought about
How to survive.
I envy you guys. You got dreams.
And you dream about them.
I just want to live in peace and peace
your brothers.
Not like now.
All these years. helping me. you've deprived
their brothers' attention.
From a very young age. he defended me.
When they poisoned my garbage.
I certainly couldn't survive without you.
And seldom have you sustained our life
Sheltered. and without you we would have starved.
Eat mine if you're hungry.
Of all the boys. you're the dearest to me.
Because you're like me.
Rudder is more like.
You think so? Then it's very dangerous.
Yaichko and Toho. Yes? Date's over.
Get dressed and E.
Pudding. Get dressed and B.
Pulp on A.
Recently. something is wrong. therefore
Still not coming. Can about me
Watch out.
Help! Help!
Help!
Hey. go back to the car. call the cop.
I'm a cop.
Hey. fall!
In!
This is nothing. a beautiful meel.
And who isn't?
Run.
Hey. let's go.
Let's go.
Disconnected.
Are you aware that you have a pregnancy?
My job is to protect citizens. We must
Revenge at the right time.
You have an operational task.
What is the task? Operation "lunch for
won." I'm sorry. I failed everything.
Listen here.
And for surgery. you can't
disclose whatever's going on.
Not disclosed. He reached for the token.
I'd see a shadow and that's it. Yeah. where is it at all
Fuck? We hang for two weeks. No
Is it time to start working?
We are already working.
Just two weeks.
Do you know what the longest surveillance we have
has been?
Five months.
I know. Only eight.
So?
What then?
My father died from you and a drug dealer
He ran.
And you know that me before is a whole
Have you seen a year?
Yes. it's all from me.
I ... you know what I did then?
Just like you.
What a sweet girl.
You want bubbles?
Do you want it or not? Yes.
Let's play in the van. There's tons of toys.
Come with me.
What do you need? Let the baby go. Back off. You
WHO?
Let the baby go.
Well. wait.
What's a smart one? He said to stay.
Show you the symbol.
I'll be late after all. Police. booth.
My negligence killed your father.
But you saved the baby.
No.
Do not disassemble. they ran away.
Did they find it after all?
I don't know.
As cops. we have to be
rational. disciplined.
Performant.
It's better to regret than to be wrong
Now.
Because this is our duty.
Maybe I noticed a shadow. Street market
Bausi.
He is in a blue jacket. gray pants.
brown beret.
Maybe with glasses. Seven.
Change your clothes. We will identify.
Attention. everyone is ready.
He noticed a shadow. We're looking behind the square.
A detachment of beautiful people on the road.
Alpaca. a sticker in a hundred. Yaichko. tofu.
smell. Lucky. Chris. South. Pudding.
Book. North. Shadow. maybe you're already
saw.
Everyone like him remembers everyone.
He will be suspected of cooperation. Stay
At a distance.
Rose.
You need to identify it up close.
He certainly hasn't seen you.
I aim to use the most
Employees not to be refused.
Preferably those they haven't seen.
Merge.
Take your time.
Keep your distance.
Dog's head causes a trans. Detachment
Beautiful people on the scene.
Alpaka. go to a fruit boat
West.
Go slowly. take your time. Our task is
Identify the target.
You can't scare the shadows.
Calm. relaxed.
He is a professional. You can't go wrong.
Sticker. East exit.
Ulka. like CAD. Understood.
Pudin. stay back. Turn around.
Alpaka. do you see his face?
No. I can't see. Hidden under a cover. I can't
Know.
We can see his face.
Ilchha. Shadow. maybe I saw you inside
FOYER.
Don't turn around.
Oh. well done.
Rose. your way out.
Carefully. I will approach.
Rose. you'll get upset.
I know there is an idea.
This is him.
I identified myself.
Hands down.
Do not move the camera.
Attention everyone. the shadow has been identified. Detachment
Beautiful men change and await command.
Guys. all well done.
The objective is identified. the target is identified. All
Employees maintain a distance of three
Again. I do not address the objective.
Note any sirens.
The target entered the blind spot.
Luck is gone.
The sticker behind it.
It's not that close.
The bastard won't go away.
The day goes to Konda Chancin.
The housings inside are connected.
Shadow in the case. first entry. There
No cameras inside. We'll lose his evidence.
Stop. I'm too far away.
Nice. copy. I'm not gonna make it.
And you stick?
Yaichko and?
Pot.
Familiar.
I'm inside.
Top floor.
What are you?
Did you hear me?
What? Going on a date? My friend is you
saw.
Where are you?
I forgot something.
Get out of here.
Loser. huh?
I knew Sergey would lose with these
Headphones.
And go already. right?
Understand? They grow up and don't obey. All
Done against.
Yes. they grow up and then they already know more.
What is here to make the father?
How open you are.
But you won't. they'll start hiding everything from
from you.
And auntie said your coachman looks
Alpaku.
Therefore. you hide her from me. From who?
Your cocol.
And what is wrong with the alpal? The main thing is for me
that.
He is more beautiful than you.
Fr.
Again. I bought a rotter.
There was no climax? I found a camera.
In the stomach they are the same.
Would you?
Pade on bases. Roger that. We got our faces off
Shadows on camera.
Why are you spitting?
There is a cleaner. Everything is in order.
I hope you go out for the rich
guy.
Well. why am the rich father
Brides?
Or maybe they will like it in me?
Or maybe you'll think of yourself
Stop eating a rot? I'm for you
Save. It has begun.
Goodbye.
Which one of you runs like this? Not your business.
Try your character.
What did he find in you?
Du -te. du -te.
The character is wonderful.
What now?
Play play play. This is not possible.
What about you? Maybe we won't come?
Are you kidding?
You are so annoying.
Buy. oh. trancerer?
The police quietly close the door.
Close the door. we're here to work.
Eighth floor.
802. Hooray! The Beak lives in the Chancin of condos.
Building C. first entrance. Confirmed.
Take it.
What kind of sound?
He clicks on the baskets. Is it hockey?
And he didn't decide.
Not surprisingly it tore.
Weird.
They are all wrong.
In the past. the shadow always disappeared after
Every deal and lies at the bottom.
He is a man of principle. But this time he
I broke his rules. What happened?
If I'm not mistaken. then let's say. uh. we
scared him off.
But not to play. we will play at it.
Decided not to buy rotten?
Wow.
How much? And seventy.
Brown. Ah. nonsense. Twenty cents.
Now everything gets more expensive.
It is here. Thank you.
Hey. and there's cheaper.
See? Everything was bad there.
No. I'm talking about a fish platter. It's cheap.
Right. Right. Here
The owner's father is a good man.
10 dollars.
Unfortunately. he died suddenly.
Heart attack. No. asthma.
Your daughter is an adult. Do I want to go? Ah. me
Played. Her mom threw me.
Then he died. wounded.
The daughter moved in with me.
Yes. thank you.
Hello. Hello.
What are you doing?
Want to get a casino?
Don't you live on fish? Give me a carp.
See what corn I have.
In his youth. he played a lot of cards. I wanted
Become the god of gamblers.
I didn't know it only happened in movies.
I thought you got corn out of a gun.
I never took it in my hands.
But one of the kids' deals in the kitchen
Mahal.
Let me treat you with something.
Come in.
Turn around Stoparik.
It's funny.
I used to be a chef myself. My teacher in
Hangzhou.
I'm cooking one of these fish swamped. How
Like today?
Maybe. I only have one bottle
Chilean wine. Fish just right.
You're wine. fish from me.
Come on. Have a seat.
I'll refrigerate.
What does it do?
Check the dust on the shelves if they have a lot of time
In.
Don't hide. Let your guests
The kitchen all works. Show what you can.
Complete.
Have you worked for a chef for a long time?
More than ten years.
And this is your knife?
And you're stuck in knives. Just love
Do things right.
Are there children?
I am alone.
Old man alone. And this is home cooking.
Your daughter's smart. I watch. By the way.
What's that scar on her forehead?
Yeah. grab a keg. talk to the guest.
OKAY.
Go to the toilet.
Smart.
If I had kids. I would too
He banned cell phones at the table.
Launch more converter. Who are you studying for? On
nursing. You'll be a nurse after
Universal?
If only in the nursing home.
You're a kind of soul.
Where did you get a scar? This?
This in fifth grade I got into a fight with the others
girls.
Why did you put up a fight? Classmate
offended. Couldn't stay away. I
said the first.
And your father knows. How does he know?
Weird.
Well. what's there?
So where does he get the scar?
I
nobody
We didn't talk about that.
Even mom.
I didn't tell anyone. just as I didn't
concern.
Even the teacher said that the door is not
suitable.
Then how do you know?
After our mom's mom. from -s
My debts I had enemies.
I was afraid for you.
In fact. I've always been there.
This is the father.
Then why didn't you help me?
Didn't help?
Remember what you did with them? I
I was afraid to go in.
Oh. come on.
I stayed for a friend.
What? What?
You committed murder.
Pretty good. I touched like this. Shame on me
Here.
Well. how?
Come on. My clever girl.
Thank you.
What for?
What has defended us.
Some things can't be depressed.
All I could do as a father was
Take care of yourself.
I know you're worried about me.
And you want to protect.
But I've already grown up.
I'll be fine.
That's for sure.
Brother. if you're fading. then decide me.
what to do.
If we do. you'll have a way back
We won't.
I just want to do everything right.
They have anti-opening. Looks like a sensor.
Disconnect.
Did you hit the data about them?
Answer. What happened?
Have you forgotten something?
Nothing to worry about.
Maybe I thought too much?
Thinking? What is it about?
I understand you're all grown up now
boy. And it's time to let go.
Let's finish your plan. Understood. You
You know what you're doing?
I know.
This is not a plug.
Regarding?
Something wrong with the camera. Clearly. this doesn't
Tsugo.
Van needs backup. He's in danger.
Unusual. I'll find another way.
Hey. you didn't move?
No. everything is calm.
You had your chance. Ivan.
These guys didn't tell Tina what kind of
They're being followed.
They knew we would follow
Through the shadows and not touch him.
My murder and my subsequent misery
These would allow Tina to escape.
This time they failed. but they
They will try again.
This is a chance not only for them. but for us as well
To end this gang once and for all.
For that much. no one will open you safely.
50 million US dollars.
He agreed.
72 hours later.
Shadow walked.
The observation group will dissipate.
This is the same taxi as Vausin.
Sending a photo to the observation team.
We are ready. As soon as we get her
Location. we're moving out.
The car is approaching our premises. So
And they decided.
Something is not that.
Stand. Show the chest of drawers again.
Why is it still there?
It wasn't deciphered. They got it wrong.
Point closer again.
What is this?
Apparently they were hit by the car.
Look. you can hear it. There. as you can hear
Answer.
Warning.
The car is in the building.
What kind of car?
What kind of business?
Ma'am. what's going on?
Dupine. prepare the visiting headquarters.
Eat. The observation is in force. Follow
Every shadow step.
There.
Someone is still alive.
Put it away.
Telephone. Spulberat.
The key to if you don't.
DIFFERENCE.
This is Brian. These baskets are also Brian.
Contact the group. Trash encrypts and
What's there.
Find the phone. I'll cover. I'm gone.
What is this place?
Continue thermal imaging surveillance. No
Shadow loop.
Captain. they're in the shelter.
Reception.
Sir. come in. we've lost contact as
You can hear a reception.
Brothers. for the work!
Motiv!
You know how many cops are on my tail?
200 heads.
It would be a faithful death.
And do what? So I follow
Hail Moron.
And at that time we attacked their headquarters.
And the police threw it out immediately.
And then I removed the dummy moron.
And he cut this cop's ears off.
He was disgusted in the eyes of his subordinates.
Just now.
First you must understand that you are capable
Such as.
You're already a big boy. You know what
You did it?
What. skinny?
Motiv!
The main canals have been flooded. Find
Satellite phone.
We're going away for a while.
Kill at any cost.
Shadow hammer is Braille. Yeah. and Sudoku.
Give it to Van.
What the hell? Why are the cops so fast
Are you there?
To be continued ...
It didn't work. You had your chance. Ivan.
Have you thought what will happen to the old man if
They arrest us?
No one is to blame. Just unlucky
It happens.
Simon came up with that? Uh. no.
You still think we're different.
Hey. what are you doing?
You don't understand how dangerous it is.
Go away. this was not the plan!
The old man must die here for you
the same blessings. Go away. this was not the plan!
No. that was my plan.
I help you one last time.
Which one? Me. or what?
Tsar. okay. here on me.
If there is an error. my task is everything
to correct it. I have no choice.
I will arrange a dignified ending.
Navigate!
Your life will end here.
In position.
And we are the wolf.
He is our father.
In the next life I hope to be
Your biological son.
Let go! You'll be worse!
Khan for you. I answer!
Help their families. Don't let it go by itself.
Yes. sir.
I think. it's me.
We think like a robot. What do we know?
The captain reported a large explosion in the
shelter.
A shadow?
Not known. but we've identified the militants.
Ostensibly. they're a private security company for
particularly high-value clients. But so are they
Mercenaries. Taking dangerous business from
Darkelba.
Albank contacted material evidence. Soon at
We will be results.
This is Gordon Dee.
Why are stored 10 billion ganger
Police server? Without a decryption key
Paired. digital evidence only.
Access only through a digital key.
And here are 12 silly passwords
accuracy.
They were here.
Mommy. ourselves. (Man) Attention.
We've been informed of the robbery. The thieves just
Left. Four men in their early twenties.
These were those special forces.
They turned off the power so we wouldn't
They managed to remotely disconnect the hacker. To
The server needs a local network nearby.
Which means?
The hacker was just here.
I was wrong.
What did they do wrong?
The old man went to take.
Like an idiot.
The cops overtook him.
That cap's house was too clean.
There wasn't even a router. not happening.
The old man should have noticed him.
But he still played with them.
What do you mean?
I think he tried to take the cops
on our trail.
Is the car a splash?
He is not so noble. He is most
Cunning. ruthless.
AND...
He is ours
father. He is our father.
It's you.
Get yourself together. First. go.
And then he cries.
I lost the Special Forces car in the blind
area. Most likely. they'll run today.
Track all trips and departures.
For everyone? It takes time.
We don't have time.
What should we do?
Turn on the spices.
Analytical team skills.
Eat.
Let him analyze their handwriting
the thieves. Based on this and previous
actions.
Maybe ... ma'am.
The criminals' car disappeared through the calcado
Karmo. A three-kilometer radius
A gray van has been discovered. A 67% chance
level. 82% chance
They will leave for Win Palais. Win. Come again? I
asked to study. not to repeat the old
Answers.
Don't move. hands behind your head. shrug!
Throw a knife!
Luminos!
Come on! Throw a knife! Come on. come on. come on!
Quick!
Dean!
The money is still alive! He is alive!
On your knees! Hands behind your head!
Hands behind your head! Get on your knees!
Move! On your knees!
Stand! On your knees!
On your knees!
Uin Bellas.
Take me there. You haven't seen him yet
One of us.
I will betray her.
Spice found a similar car at the entrance
of the freeway.
Suspicious personalities.
No. their number. Winn. an exhibition of paintings.
They're being returned to Paris tomorrow. On the list
Six people added staff.
On the night of the latest Winn robbery
The pictures have flown.
Gopes. buildings. Plan B.
I'm a head. The purpose of I. is possible in the laundry.
Pinky. south door of the laundry. I go.
When will the group arrive?
Go on. leave it.
Attention! In the south yard. Clusion wins
people.
Maybe the event.
Amendment. Puppy frenzy and leadership.
Cap. I'm Peter. Copy.
I'm at the party. I think he's here. but no
I can find it.
Just calm.
I'm in the zoo. Call him with
Shade rooms.
And needles. Let the old man talk to him.
Understood.
Godmother? Godmother?
Ivan died in vain.
I'm watching the phone. the back view is not encrypted.
Don't hide.
Binka. don't lose.
Follow your faces.
Eat.
Simon. the police are looking for you.
If I take you. I will be very
Disappointed.
I think I've let you down already.
The plan was good.
I like it.
Thank you. Godfather. But he who knows
What he's doing. he himself would end this matter.
I will consider.
In this respect. Sivan fared better.
I was so hoping you all could live.
Whatever you want.
Thanks. Chief.
The shadow was shooting deliberately. If he comes back.
there's a chance to find him. Pinks. remember
Surveillance?
Consistently exceptional features. I forgot
Not scary.
When you see these characteristics. your brain will give you
Know.
I see it.
He ... reception.
Give it!
Mommy. Pinky's not answering. Varenik and Tofu
instead.
We need ICT target characteristics.
Too crowded. Now I see him everywhere.
ICT target is eighty meters. Sixty
Eight kilograms. Long hair.
This is from Uyway.
He goes to the VIP area.
Zapark. Are the dates accurate?
Disconnect it.
Hold my helmet. I'll get another one.
Report where you are. Shadow just recognized
H. Don't worry about H's goal..
They're twins with the driver.
Yapinka Zoo.
Sorry to disappear. I'm glad you're intact.
You got something? X and the driver are twins.
Looks like it's in the VIP area.
What for ... sorry.
In vain. they entrusted the wall. Nothing.
Sounds. Tofu south. Parenek North.
Bowji. north of the dance floor. Lapsha and lakes at
Laundry.
Alpaca. Where is he?
He gave me the headphones and went off again. He
Not activated.
GPS shows it's going to the station.
They're twins with the driver.
So you yourself ... doesn't matter.
Fragile. Cheers.
Relax. Energize.
Target. Amateur. Family.
Shadow. Betrayal. Recognizer.
ORB.
Times have changed. but the rules remain.
Simon. goodbye.
God! He's dead! Help!
Look. ma'am! Got two more.
Without a shadow. they didn't know where to hide.
How are you?
Look. ma'am!
Liu Jinchao.
The artery was hit. Hugo pressed on the wound.
Black lid.
Blue jacket.
Black jeans.
Jinchao.
Jingchao. don't sleep. Don't sleep.
Ambulance. Call an ambulance.
I understand what you're going through. but go on
Another detachment's been called in. We got us
exercises.
Then I take the cast. For personal reasons.
Hey. What are you in here?
He sent me to make you
company.
Eat. Thank you.
What is known?
Nothing. The day seemed to evaporate.
Money. They always have a trail.
Especially in such a case.
Crypto was transferred there with the first victim.
The boys split up. Only two know
password. And one of them is dead.
And the money hasn't moved? No.
Remember
Did I tell you what a shadow won?
Old. Olgulny.
I don't mean shit about it and I think he
Same ones.
He is a man of this era.
What do you think it will do?
He doesn't know how to retract a crypt.
Fu was an old thief. Raisha he
handwriting was to steal jewelry and
victims of predation not to mess
With the Hucksters.
That's all it can.
Hey. go!
Dată. Come on!
Why is the door impossible?
So much faster.
Sofia! Where are you?
Where are you?
What is this?
Tell me. where are you? Am I lost?
Trust instincts.
They will disappoint me. they will accuse me.
I wanted to.
I've been thinking about this recently.
Debt realization is our task. But
Blood. emotions. heart -
This is our nature.
Our work should not take this away.
And in the past you've acted correctly.
Want 400 bucks?
Find the 1xbet website. get a bonus for
registration and bet on any
Police. Everybody out.
I know you want to make history.
But don't become an accomplice.
Fu asked Yaru for 10 million for
password. The date at Teen Teen sang.
I'll get over it. Don't stay without us.
Fu. how long are you? Ten minutes.
There. Less than five.
We're listening to the Fyugo phone.
Understood.
Sound check. Sounds perfect.
The van is late for 10 minutes. He will leave with
Minutes for one minute.
Leaving.
This is an official entrance. guests there.
The world is crowded.
One here?
You have identified yourself.
You didn't recognize?
You and I had dinner.
I forgot already. didn't I?
Want to?
I am so touched.
Uncle. is that you? What are you wearing? AND
Your hair is so awful. I thought of something
The old pervert is pumping.
Well. sorry to scare me. Uh. it's nothing.
You wanted to leave.
I decided to follow me.
Alone?
What? What do you mean?
A few days ago you won.
It was with a guy.
Where is this guy?
Dead.
They broke up. Can't you hear me?
He is dead.
His
Killed further
station.
That guy was a cop.
And you're a cop. What are you wearing?
Leave me alone!
Were you able to talk to me?
Not bad.
Oh!
Call an ambulance. police!
Come out straight. come out!
This is an official exit.
How do you like my flooded fish?
Ca?
Your fish!
Go to hell!
And you're with me!
Come on!
Are you okay?
The wound is superficial. I will live.
The ambulance is almost here.
Headphones in your pocket.
Lego. follow him.
The target passed through the front line. Black
Jacket. wig. I'm behind him.
Pinky. he's headed north. There ain't no room.
You'll have to find him yourself.
I think I can see it.
No. not him.
There is a labyrinth. I don't see it.
Xuga. calm.
Get up.
I don't see him.
Pinks. backup nearby. He couldn't
Get away. You can.
Remember the new surveillance?
Kecege.
Forget and remember. You only get one chance.
Key features.
Completely on your own.
Remember.
Remember first -Acting. Over the hour
You will start to remember subconsciously.
Next.
Friends.
Bandaj.
I see the target. Where are you?
Alee south of Ruo de Mayo.
Prepare for detention.
You can't take that much anesthetic.
Who?
Who? You can't.
Stop.
Tigo. if we organize a visit to
Institution. can you bring us to us?
Captain. I can't.
I need support for the observation group.
Pinks. listen.
Center. in a long position for 8 hours.
Varenik on a parallel street. 3 hours.
Top in place. 9 hours.
Zoo. come in. Head is secure.
Lapsha in place. Two hours. I studied
Shadow habits. I see 165 waste
ways. 17 of them lead through the chapel.
Pudding instead. Right behind you. Noodle
in your seat. Right before your goal.
The coordinates are already with the group. I'll continue
Calculate the march. I'm blue. Home
loc.
Alpaca instead.
Zoo. They're pink.
Pinks instead.
Simpse. attention!
A 280-meter north chapel -
objectives.
The Beak is hurt. Life is dear to him. He wants
Just escape.
But he won't go to the photos.
Simpse. you are now hounds. Start
Hunting.
Don't move!
Hands in the air!
I'm fine.
I'm from the police.
Pulian. you're under arrest.
Ma'am.
Hatsyugo.
That's thanks to you.
You can forge.
What's funny?
Can you fight? Silence!
Well done. Parents would be proud of you.
There.
Allow me to question?
You're on a wish. Please undo the destruction.
I missed work.
We still need your help.
I've already taught them everything I know.
So back to retirement.
Just to the hospital first.